---
layout: post
title:  "Update"
date:   2021-12-22 00:00:00
categories: posts
---
Hello again, bringing in some updates on my current projects and life situation. Merry Christmas everyone!

So I'm going to be completely honest I've pretty much cancelled the platforming project, and have decided to pursue the point and click adventure game, which
I've actually been putting a lot more work in for. The game is roughly based on Myst, a game that I've never played; What's similar is the settings and gameplay style
to an extent, though I have some pretty cool ideas in mind. In terms of setting the similarity is it takes place on a cool weird looking island, and the movement will be
kind of similar. It's a 3d world that you will click around to move in.

I decided to cancel the platforming project because honestly it just wasn't inspiring me that much. I will admit that the idea of making all the goofy levels was
still a pretty cool idea, however everything else was pretty simple. 3d Platformers are just not that much fun unless you have the capabilities to add in a lot of
cool movement, which I don't have, and didn't plan on trying to obtain. I will drop the final build of the game, although there is literally nothing to do except
walk around and literally 'platform.' I couldn't help but thinking of that terrible joke from Bubsy 3d as I made the game LOL.

This game is something that I think I'll have a lot more capabilities to do. The world is being made in Unity, but the actual game itself is going to be made in
Fusion 2.5, which is an engine I actually have experience in and can do some kinda cool stuff with. The past few days have been dead for development, but I
burnt myself out in the first 3 days I started working on the project. This is one that I really don't want to lose the motivation for because I know I'm completely
capable of doing it with little to no help and really only just using knowledge I already have, but I tend to have a habit of getting super interested in projects,
and then shorty falling out before I become completely interested in something else. I need to find a model that will allow me to get work done on the project without
burning myself out.

In terms of gameplay, not too much has been decided yet. I want the game to be a mixture of 2d and 3d genres, so for example you explore around in 3d and then have to
do a challenge in a 2d style, like fighting monsters, or solving a puzzle, etc.. I want to be able to execute it in a way that's not completely gimmicky. Another thing
I've been thinking a lot about is how I can make the main quest of the game not just a 'go here and pick up this thing, talk to a person, find a different thing, talk to
a person' type of thing, so that's something that I've been trying to figure out too. How to make the quests feel actually entertaining. I thought of this after
watching that new FNAF game. Every mission in the game seemed like; find a pass to get here, find a level 2 pass to get here, and so on, so on.
So yea that's the update for now. I'll put the platformer build up on the site in a few days, whenever I get around to it.

In other news, I've been playing stupid amounts of games recently, which is what I've been doing instead of working on my own game. It's quite the struggle.
Might start twitch streaming again. Been playing a lot of league recently so I'd like to stream my progression through learning the game and trying to get better
and better. Probably won't stream much else because from what I've seen it's a better model for small streamers to one trick pony their stream instead of being
a variety guy. Trying to find a fun game that I can grind when I'm not playing competitive games though. I always try to get in to MMOs but I always just find
them boring AF. Started playing this Star Wars MMO and it's ight. Hasn't really hooked me though. Started my 3rd BOTW playthrough, but fell off due to a whole
lot of stress a few weeks ago making me not want to play, and now I just have too much shit to play.

Well anyways; I think that's about it for now. Happy Holidays to anyone reading <3
